 Deployments:

1. Create a deployment called webapp with image nginx with 5 replicas
a. Use the below command to create a yaml file. 
   i.   kubectl create deploy webapp --image=nginx --dry-run -o yaml > webapp.yaml
   ii.  Edit it and add 5 replica’s

2. Get the deployment rollout status

3. Get the replicaset that created with this deployment 

4. EXPORT the yaml of the replicaset and pods of this deployment

5. Delete the deployment you just created and watch all the pods are also being deleted

6. Create a deployment of webapp with image nginx:1.17.1 with container port 80 and verify the image version 
 . kubectl create deploy webapp --image=nginx:1.17.1 --dry-run -o yaml > webapp.yaml 
  a. add the port section (80)  and create the deployment 

7. Update the deployment with the image version 1.17.4 and verify 

8. Check the rollout history and make sure everything is ok after the update

9. Undo the deployment to the previous version 1.17.1 and verify Image has the previous version

10. Update the deployment with the wrong image version 1.100 and verify something is wrong with the deployment  . Expect: kubectl get pods (ImagePullErr) 
  a.  Undo the deployment with the previous version and verify everything is Ok 
  b. kubectl rollout history deploy webapp --revision=7 
  c. Check the history of the specific revision of that deployment 
  d. update the deployment with the image version latest and check the history and verify nothing is going on

11. Apply the autoscaling to this deployment with minimum 10 and maximum 20 replicas and target CPU of 85% and verify hpa is created and replicas are increased to 10 from 1 

12.

13. Clean the cluster by deleting deployment and hpa you just created 

14. Create a job and make it run 10 times one after one (run > exit > run >exit ..) using the following configuration: kubectl create job hello-job --image=busybox --dry-run -o yaml -- echo "Hello I am from job" > hello-job.yaml”
  a. Add to the above job completions: 10 inside the yaml
